This inventory is a growing and living database of dams and surveyed road/stream
crossings (potential barriers) compiled by the Southeast Aquatic Resources
Partnership with the generous support from many partners and funders.
Information about network connectivity, landscape condition, and presence of
threatened and endangered aquatic organisms are added to this inventory to help
you investigate barriers at any scale for your desired purposes.

This inventory consists of datasets from local, state, and federal partners. It
is supplemented with input from partners with on the ground knowledge of
specific structures. The information on barriers is not complete or
comprehensive across the region, and depends on the availability and
completeness of existing data and level of partner feedback. Some areas of the
region are more complete than others but none should be considered 100%
complete.

All network analyses were conducted using the NHD High Resolution Plus dataset
(https://www.usgs.gov/core-science-systems/ngp/national-hydrography/nhdplus-high-resolution).

If you are able to help improve the inventory by sharing data or assisting with field
reconnaissance, please contact us (https://southeastaquatics.net/about/contact-us).

Note: data come from a variety of sources and available descriptive information
is not comprehensive.

Also note: information on rare species is highly limited.

The data made available through this tool represent substantial effort
and investment from the Southeast Aquatic Resources Partnership
(SARP) and SARP's funders, partners, and data contributors.

This project was supported in part by grants from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife
Service Fish Passage Program, American Rivers, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Forest Service, the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation, The
Nature Conservancy, Trout Unlimited the Gulf Coastal Plains and Ozarks Landscape
Conservation Cooperative, and the Florida State Wildlife Grants Program.